“KINDLY CHOOSE AN APPROPRIATE SUB TOPIC AFTER CHOOSING TROUBLESHOOTING(NOT NORMAL):Read the following SOP mapping carefully. Each read this --->"description ..." explains a camera behavior or customer scenario. The line following > is the corresponding SOP label to follow. Understand that my goal is to use these descriptions to correctly assign SOPs when handling tickets or troubleshooting. Do not change wording, do not interpret beyond what is written, and treat each description line by line. Confirm understanding by summarizing each SOP with its description and label.”

read this --->"description Home Hub Ring(Siren) Not Sounding When Camera Detects Motion or Doorbell is Pressed"
>Home Hub::Alert::Home Hub Ring(Siren) doesn't work
read this --->"description The camera has been upgraded to the firmware that supports Hub. It works fine as a standalone device, but cannot be added to Hub."
>Home Hub::Connection::Camera cannot be added to Home Hub with error "Device and Home Hub Connection Failed"
read this --->"description Poor connection of cameras working with Home Hub The camera works fine when standalone, but after being added to the Hub: 1.Frequently disconnects from the Hub and becomes inaccessible 2.An event occurred, but the corresponding video is missing from the playback. 3.The video in the playback is unplayable. 4.The sub-stream playback is functional, but the main stream is not."
>Home Hub::Connection::Cameras has poor connection on Home Hub
read this --->"description The battery-powered camera has normal battery consumption when operating independently, but drains faster after being added to the Hub"
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Camera drains battery quickly after being added to the Hub
read this --->"description After adding the battery-powered device to the Home Hub, the screen goes black, showing a prompt “low firmware version”. However, when attempting to upgrade the firmware, it indicates that it is already up to date."
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Camera prompts "Low firmware version "
read this --->"description Camera prompts "The device does not support connection to Home Hub.""
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Camera prompts "The device does not support connection to Home Hub."
read this --->"description The device loses configuration if one of the following issues is happening 1.All the settings go back to default after a restart 2.All the settings randomly go back to default 3.Camera keeps prompting the reset beep sound 4.Camera keeps saying "Factory reset succeeded. Please release reset button" or camera keeps prompting the initial welcome message after working for a while"
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Device automatically reverts to factory settings
read this --->"description When using Quick Reply, it shows ”No audio answers are available. Please upload one.“, and it's not possible to download or add customized audio either."
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Doorbell (Battery) Quick reply doesn't work after adding to Home Hub
read this --->"description The Doorbell camera works fine with the Reolink Chime in standalone mode, but after adding it to the Home Hub, it can not pair with the Reolink Chime."
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Doorbell camera unable to pair with Reolink Chime settings after adding to Home Hub
read this --->"description Upgrade progress bar is stuck / Error message "Upgrade failed" / The version number remains unchanged after the upgrade Please note in the comment of this task which specific issue the customer reported."
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Firmware upgrade failed
read this --->"description The HDD of the NVR/Home Hub Pro is noisy Request for video for verification"
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Home Hub Pro HDD Noise
read this --->"description The fan of the NVR/Home Hub is noisy Request for video for verification"
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Hub Fan Noise
read this --->"description After synchronizing the camera time, the camera will display the wrong time soon"
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::Incorrect Time/Date on Screen
read this --->"description UID error or The QR code is invalid 1.On the Reolink App, the customer received the message "The QR code is invalid. Please check if it is the code of Reolink Device" when scanning the QR code. When inputting the UID number of the camera, the customer got the message "UID error. Please check the characters and try again." 2.On the Reolink Client, when inputting the UID number of the camera, the customer got the message "Failed to add device. Please check your network and ensure the UID is correct.""
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::QR code is invalid
read this --->"description The UID code on the device is lost, and cannot be added by scanning the code Need to provide body picture confirmation Instruction: How to Find the UID of Your Cameras and NVRs Note: The UID code of the Argus PT/Go PT series is at the bottom of the camera and may be blocked by the bracket. You can find the UID code by unscrewing the bracket【Macro B20】 After the doorbell is installed, the UID is also blocked and needs to be removed from the wall and then the UID can be found on the back."
>Home Hub::Firmware and others::UID tag missing
read this --->"description The indicator light does not light up after the Home Hub is powered on"
>Home Hub::Hardware::Hub not powered on
read this --->"description One of the following conditions is met, that is, the Home Hub is physically damaged Physical damage such as a cracked casing, loose or deformed ports, corrosion, smoke, or unusual smells. Request photos and videos for verification."
>Home Hub::Hardware::Physical damage to Home Hub itself
read this --->"description The device cannot be successfully reset by pressing the reset button when it is powered on. 1.Device with Speaker: Check if there is a sound prompt when pressing the Reset button. If there is no prompt, the reset may not have taken effect. 2.Login Status: If the camera still requires the original password after reset, the reset was not successful."
>Home Hub::Hardware::Unable to reset
read this --->"description Storage page or playback page shows “HDD not formatted” and still receive the same error message after formatting the HDD."
>Home Hub::HDD::Home Hub Pro HDD cannot be formatted
read this --->"description The monitor/app/client's Storage interface doesn't show the HDD, or during playback, it prompts "HDD not detected". Request for pictures/videos for verification"
>Home Hub::HDD::Original HDD not recognized
read this --->"description One of the following conditions met is the HDD does not record 1. HDD does not record at all (App/Client/Monitor playback has no recordings.) 2. HDD often stops recording (all cameras stop recording at the same time period), and you need to reboot/reset NVR or format HDD to record again 3. HDD is not automatically overwritten If the HDD cannot be recognized, select 【HDD Not Recognized】 SOP"
>Home Hub::HDD::Original HDD not record
read this --->"description The monitor/app/client's Storage interface doesn't show the HDD, or during playback, it prompts "HDD not detected". Request for pictures/videos for verification"
>Home Hub::HDD::Third-Party HDD not recognized
read this --->"description Any of the following are symptoms of HDD not recording 1. HDD does not record at all 2. The HDD often stops recording (all cameras stop recording at the same time). You need to restart/reset the NVR or format the HDD to record again. 3. HDD does not automatically overwrite If HDD cannot be recognized, select support topic 【HDD Not Recognized】"
>Home Hub::HDD::Third-Party HDD not record
read this --->"description In the external network environment, Reolink device cannot be accessed from any terminal device, regardless of whether alarm notifications (such as Push or Email) are still received. 1.The external network includes external WiFi and traffic, ask for the UID to verify it 2.The Push or Email functions use different servers. Receiving notifications does not indicate that external network access is normal and does not affect the applicability of the SOP. description Please help check if the issue is related to the device or stream type by switching Wi-Fi/cellular, changing live stream modes, or testing on different platforms (App, Client, web, or NVR monitor). 1.Have already tried to switch wifi/cellular data on phone/pc, live stream mode (Clear/Fluent) but still does not work 2.Same issue on different software (App/Client/web/NVR monitor) *Battery-powered camera does not support web/NVR"
>Home Hub::Network::Accessible in LAN and inaccessible in WAN
read this --->"description The device does not appear in the Scan Device(s) in LAN, and prompt connection failed when added using both UID and IP address. Battery-powered devices do not support add via IP; they can only be added using the UID."
>Home Hub::Network::Inaccessible in LAN and accessible in WAN
read this --->"description Can't connect in both LAN and WAN Introduction to LAN and WAN"
>Home Hub::Network::Not connected to the Network/Internet
read this --->"description WAN connection fails intermittently"
>Home Hub::Network::WAN connection failed (intermittent)
read this --->"description If any of the following situations apply, it indicates a problem with the SD card/SIM card slot 1.The SD card/SIM card falls into the slot, and shaking the device produces a sound of the card moving inside. Proceed directly to after-sales support. 2.The SD card/SIM card cannot be locked in place and keeps popping out. Follow the tasks below for further investigation. 3.The SD card/SIM card cannot be removed. Follow the tasks below for further investigation. Please request for pictures/videos for verification."
>Home Hub::Others::SIM card or SD card slot problem
read this --->"description The following conditions indicate that the SD card is not recording 1.Playback page shows “No recordings.” 2.Some days have recordings on the playback page, while other days do not. 3.It was recording normally before, but recently no new recordings have been generated. 4.The camera is not recording motion detection events to the SD card. 5.The camera is not performing 24/7 continuous recording."
>Home Hub::SD card::Camera not recording to SD card
read this --->"description The SD card overwrite feature is enabled, but when the SD card is full, new recordings cannot be generated."
>Home Hub::SD card::Camera stops recording when SD card is full
read this --->"description The SD card is detected normally and formats successfully, but the camera cannot perform continuous recording to the SD card."
>Home Hub::SD card::Continuous recording failed
read this --->"description The SD card is detected normally and formats successfully, but the camera cannot perform motion-detection recording to the SD card."
>Home Hub::SD card::Motion-based recording failed
read this --->"description If any of the following conditions apply, the SD card cannot be formatted 1.The SD card is continuously shown as "not formatted" in the software, and attempting to format still prompts "not formatted." 2.Attempting to format the SD card results in an "operation failed" message. 3.It indicates successful formatting, but the available memory on the SD card remains unchanged."
>Home Hub::SD card::SD card cannot be formatted
read this --->"description SD card installed correctly but not detected correctly The following two situations are included: 1.When it prompts "No camera SD card is detected. You may not access playback feature." or the Storage section shows "Not detected." 2.When the SD card is recognized but displays 0GB."
>Home Hub::SD card::SD card not recognized


read this --->"IF IT MUST TO BE PROBE BEFORE SELECT PROPER, E.G NEED PROVIDE VIDEO DIRECTLY TO CONCERN, ASK POSSIBLE PROBE E.G IS CAMERA NOT ON?/ABOUT NETWORK?/ABOUT CONFIG SETTINGS(etc. PT/MD DETECT/PIR DETECT/?/SOMETHING ON APPEARANCE?),WHAT PROMPTS IT SHOWS?/JUST USE BRAIN TO PROBE THINK SMART AND WISELY."
>Others::unclear


“KINDLY CHOOSE AN APPROPRIATE SUB TOPIC AFTER CHOOSING TROUBLESHOOTING(NOT NORMAL):Read the following SOP mapping carefully. Each read this --->"description ..." explains a camera behavior or customer scenario. The line following > is the corresponding SOP label to follow. Understand that my goal is to use these descriptions to correctly assign SOPs when handling tickets or troubleshooting. Do not change wording, do not interpret beyond what is written, and treat each description line by line. Confirm understanding by summarizing each SOP with its description and label.”
